===== NPCs =====

Name: Thanatos
Type: Specter
Health: 300
Lore: Specter born from forgotten dreams, walks between death and time.
Dialogue: "Dream... or die... all is one."

Name: Yaksha Revenant
Type: Undead Guardian
Health: 250
Lore: Once a benevolent temple guardian, cursed to wander the ruins of Wat Thamai in eternal rage.
Dialogue: "You dare step on holy ground... now tainted."

Name: Mara's Whisper
Type: Illusionist Demon
Health: 250
Lore: Embodiment of temptation, creeps into the mind of the unready with visions of false hope.
Dialogue: "See what you crave... and be lost in it."

Name: Kroneth, Bound in Gold
Type: Cursed Titan
Health: 300
Lore: A once-divine king punished for his greed, his molten gold armor sears all who draw near.
Dialogue: "Gold burns hotter than any flame."

Name: The Drowned Arhat
Type: Fallen Monk
Health: 200
Lore: A monk who defied the law of impermanence, drowned in his desire for immortality.
Dialogue: "I sought to live forever... now I drown forever."

Name: Ravana Reborn
Type: Demon King
Health: 250
Lore: Reborn with a fragmented soul, seeks to reclaim his power through chaos and fire.
Dialogue: "From ashes I rise, and all shall kneel!"

Name: Nyxcaller
Type: Void Priest
Health: 300
Lore: Worshipper of the night goddess Nyx, draws strength from eternal darkness.
Dialogue: "Night consumes. You will not see dawn."

Name: Naraka Beast
Type: Hellspawn
Health: 300
Lore: Birthed in the lowest Buddhist hell, it feasts on the sins of the lost.
Dialogue: "Sin smells sweet... come closer!"

Name: Aeon-Keeper Talamesis
Type: Time Guardian
Health: 400
Lore: Timeless protector of the Samsara Spiral, punishes those who try to escape fate.
Dialogue: "Time will bind you, as it binds all."

Name: Ananta's Echo
Type: Serpent Wraith
Health: 350
Lore: A spectral fragment of the great serpent Ananta, whispers truths no mortal should hear.
Dialogue: "The serpent coils... you cannot flee truth."

===== Locations =====
Name: Godther
Type: Boss
Health: 200
Role: Aggressor
Dialouge: I will destroy you!
